c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\TelerikMvcApp.dll.config
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\TelerikMvcApp.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\TelerikMvcApp.pdb
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\fr-CA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\he-IL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\sk-SK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp.pdb
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\j&l\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikMvcApp\TelerikMvcApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
